Add configuration switch for Service Bus authentication with Federate… (#5682)
opentripplanner/OpenTripPlanner: docs/sandbox/siri/SiriAzureUpdater.md

# Siri Azure Updater

> It is sandbox extension developed by Skånetrafiken that allows OTP to fetch Siri ET & SX messages through *Azure Service Bus*.
> IT also OTP to download historical data from en HTTP endpoint on startup.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is a sandbox extension developed by Skånetrafiken that allows OTP to fetch Siri ET & SX messages through *Azure Service Bus*.
It also allows for OTP to download historical real-time data from an HTTP endpoint on startup.
```
